W-17396234 MQ: Metering Changes (#182)
mulesoft/docs-mq: modules/ROOT/pages/mq-usage.adoc

= Viewing Anypoint MQ Usage Data

Anypoint MQ uses API requests to calculate billing and message requests to determine the size of message data in the response.

> You access Anypoint MQ usage data in Usage Reports.

Author: ```suggestion
Access Anypoint MQ usage data in xref:general::usage-reports.adoc[].
```

+

> Even if the request to retrieve messages does not return a message (for example, if the queue is empty),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if the request to retrieve messages doesn't return a message (for example, if the queue is empty),
```

+
image::mq-msg-unit-color.png["Circle graph indicating license limit on the MQ Usage page"]
+

> NOTE: Usage information for hourly, daily, and monthly billing usage information might be delayed by up to three hours.

Reviewer 2: "Usage information" is repeated twice

Author: Fixed, but this content is commented out since it's the old UI.
